X - how title of dvd in source part of display
X - if nothing in the queue and run pressed, add to queue and run.
X - allow ac3 passthru only for ac3 sources
X - figure out updater stuff (there really isn't any)
X - reset progress bar before starting scan of new dvd
X - selecting preset, change setting, select preset again -- reset setting
X - grey out audio + button when no audio present
X - also grey out all audio controls
X - when adding to queue, check if file name exits in queue or filesystem
X - add preferences for source, destination, use source label as dest file
X - populate bitrate field with calculated value when target size is selected.
X - do preset descriptions get save to file correctly if they are multiline?
X - x264 string
    bframes < 2 disable pyramid
    cabac == 0 disable trellis
    subme < 6 disable brdo
    bframes < 1 disable brdo
    analyse none disable direct
    refs < 2 disable mixed
X - put preferences defalt values into internal_defaults file
X - theora not allowed in mp4 files.
X - mp4 faac and ac3
X - avi lame and ac3
X - ogm vorbis and lame (not ac3?)
X - when vfr selected, force framerate conbo to same as source
X - chapters - after edit, <CR> should start editing next chapter name
X - add decomb option to picture cleanup
X - add option to use same sample rate as source
X - when a title is changed. update the subtitle selection; solved by 
    listing all languages when there is no disc and refreshing from
    preset when a title is selected.
X - detelecine is implied when vfr is enabled.  make sure it gets set and 
    gray it if vfr enabled
X - add about menu
X - mixdowns need to be adjusted depending on source.  you can't mix 
    to 5.1 if the
    source is less than 5.1
X - framerate "same as source" needs to set job->cfr true
X - when source is not AC3 and a preset with AC3 + second audio chosen. 
    don't add the ac3 audio.
X - create pref option to trim cropping instead of scale in order to 
    meet alignment constraints
X - when a setting is chosen for the user due to verification checks, update 
    the setting so that the change is visible to the user.
X - make selected audio red if not same as combo's. instead, I eliminated
    the "update" button.  The currently selected item in the list
    now updates as you change the combo boxes.  Add creates a new entry
    in the list with the current settings. i.e. you start with a duplicate
    of the current selection.
X - submitted patch - ffmpeg loose ana trunc patch
X - clean up hb.XXXXX turds in /tmp.  it seems many linux distros don't clean
    /tmp so this shite piles up.
X - add detailed help. added link to HandBrake Guide
X - add preferences dialog to give access to some settings
X - force m4v when ac3+mp4
X - prevent optimized mp4s from having ac3
? - prevent optimized mp4s from having chapters
X - move vfr to video tab?
P - submitted patch - job cancel patch
P - submitted patch - preview corruption padding patch
preview using vlc?
add ability to delete builtin presets and restore them
add ability to drag-n-drop presets to reorder them
